# Contact-Book-App-using-SQlite-database
A contact book or address book is an application that stores the information like name, address, contact no email id and image of a person that you can save in contact book app and also update and delete the contact. Proper storage of contact information is very necessary. Data is an important asset in any person, business, and for some organization it’s one of the most important assets. That’s why a storage of contact information must be robust and reliable. Electronically information storage makes the data you’re storing easy to search and use. When you’re storing your data electronically instead of on paper, it’s simple to analyze the data and leverage it for your business. It’s also easy to make backup copies without taking up huge amounts of time and space. The objective of this project is to create Contact book app in which the user can add contact information, add image to contact information which help to remember a person, update it, delete the existing contacts, view existing contact and import and export their contacts.  In this python project, using Treeview widget to access contacts and the user has to click on a button which functions the user wants to edit e.g. – To edit a contact, the user has to first select a contact then click on view button then edit the contact and then click on edit button. To add a new contact user has to click on the add button. This GUI based project which provides the simplest management of contact details. In order to run the project, you must have installed Python, on your PC.
